i was freezing my teeth kept shattering
all the time i was walking my dog
my pooch though totally happy no wonder
his thick coat protected him from the
evening chill
if only i had the same fluffy covering
then
i wouldn't care about the cold i wake up
feeling hot and itchy
my blanket's on the floor by the bed the
sheets all
rumple an itch behind my ears becoming
unbearable
i raise my hand and scratch it it feels
funny
whatever i'm too sleepy to deal with it
at 6 30 in the morning
with a grunt i get up gotta go conquer
the world
even though my eyes won't open properly
i shuffle to the bathroom and bend over
the basin to watch my face
as soon as my hands touch it i freeze oh
so slowly i lift my eyes and look at
myself in the mirror
my mouth falls open and i shriek even
though i'll deny it until my last breath
but you can't blame me for it i'm
covered in animal fur
all over even my face and palms
i must still be sleeping i consciously
touch my arm
the fur isn't as soft as a cat's it's
more like a dog's coat
i examine it more attentively and find
out it's kind of
double layered a dense woolly undercoat
and longer hair
sticking out ah that's what makes me
look like a husky
still shocked i get down to my morning
routine but
brushing my teeth turns out to be an
extremely unpleasant experience
short hairs around my mouth are all
covered in toothpaste
some of them get inside and become stuck
between the teeth
oh i'm pretty sure it's some very
twisted dream
i'm ready to wake up anytime soon but
why not take a shower while waiting it
takes me longer than usual to get wet
and when i do i start stinking like a
dog in the rain
i know pooches start smelling like that
because of tiny microorganisms
such as bacteria and yeast that lives on
their coat
does it mean my fur is filled with germs
now
well that's an unsettling thought after
pouring what seems like a whole bottle
of liquid soap all over my body and
watching it off
i'm done with showering but as i'm
stretching my hand to get a towel
my whole body starts twisting from side
to side
wait have i just shaken off the water
like an animal instead of drying myself
with a towel like a human
having flung on my bathrobe i'm heading
for the bedroom
it's time to get dressed another dilemma
how am i supposed to fit into my fave
tight jeans
hey maybe there's no need to wear
clothes all together hey
no i flinch and dig out a loose t-shirt
in my old joggers
once i step outside my head starts
spinning
wherever i look i see people covered in
animal hair
some of them have short fur smooth and
glossy
others are wire haired and have an
adorable just got out of bed look
there are people with long fur flowing
like silk and those who are curly like
poodles
wow in the next moment i hear a car
honking
and hardly have enough time to jump
inside it turns out i was too astonished
to notice
i've stepped on the road but why are my
clothes so tight all of a sudden
oh i see that car gave me quite a fright
and the hair all over my body went up oh
that's a natural reflex scared animals
need to look larger and
more threatening bit by bit my heart
rate returns back to normal
and i don't look like a big ball of
fluff anymore
suddenly my stomach reminds me i haven't
had breakfast yet
ah look this diner is not bad they serve
amazing burgers i enter and order the
biggest burger they have on the menu
since i'm literally starving once my
order is delivered
i cram half of it into my mouth only to
spit it out a moment later
well along with the yummy goodness at
least half a dozen tough hairs have
ended up on my tongue then how on earth
am i supposed to enjoy my meal
i look around and notice all people
using forks and knives to cut burgers up
and place tiny pieces in their mouth
eating my burger with the help of
silverware feels odd
it's also tricky to hold the knife and
fork in my fur covered hands
they feel too slippery but after some
practice
i succeed after paying for the food i
get up to leave
and cast a glance at my seat i always do
it to make sure i haven't left anything
behind
oops i have quite a few short course
hairs
am i shedding now might be high time to
visit my hairdr
i mean groomer luckily it doesn't take
long to get to the salon
the sign over the door proudly offers
grooming services
i tell a specialist about my problem but
she doesn't seem impressed
it's spring she rolls her eyes it's only
natural you're shedding
my mind's reeling and i decide a long
run is what i need at the moment
15 minutes later and i'm panting heavily
i feel ready to crawl out of my skin
that's how hot it is
now apparently i can't regulate my body
temperature by sweating now
and have to pant to cool myself down
concentrated on my feudal attempts to
get some cool air into my lungs
i miss a tree root and fall to the
ground head first
wow look at my pretty fur it's all
filthy and then something terrible
happens my head
leans toward my arm i'm about to clean
it with my tongue
like an animal luckily i catch myself
just in time
and head home to take a shower i feel
exhausted
and decide to have a nap already in bed
i spot a fly
tangled up in the hair near my left
elbow realizing that flicking it away
won't work
i spend another minute trying to set it
free hey
living a life covered in animal hair is
getting more and more tiring
i close my eyes and can't help but
wonder
am i going to wake up from this dream